PREVIOUSLY ON THE L WORD...
WHO DID THIS TO YOU?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
NO, TELL ME.
I WILL FUCKING KILL THEM.
WHO DID THIS TO YOU?
YOU DID IT.
LOOK,
I NEED SOMEBODY
WHO LOOKS
RELATIVELY HUMAN,
OR AT LEAST IS
A CREDIBLE SIMULATION,
AND THAT'S WHERE
HAIR GIRL COMES IN.
FUCK YOU.
GREAT.
WE'VE BEEN BEST FRIENDS
FOR HOW LONG, HUH?
AND NOW YOU'RE
GOING TO FUCK UP THIS GIG
WE'VE BEEN
WORKING OUR ASSES OFF ON
FOR SOME CHICK?
WE'RE WATCHING
A BURR CONNOR
FILM FESTIVAL.
YES, MISS JENNY
OVER HERE
IS GOING TO
GHOSTWRITE
HIS MEMOIRS.
ARE YOU FIRING ME
BECAUSE I'M GAY?
WELL, I WASN'T AWARE
THAT I'D ACTUALLY HIRED YOU.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT GETS KIND OF LONELY
ON THE ROAD SOMETIMES.
YOU MUST MISS YOUR FAMILY.
[GIGGLES]
WHAT HAVE YOU
BEEN DOING?
THEY'VE BEEN HAVING SEX
ALL WEEKEND.
HI.
HEY.
MY NEXT SONOGRAM
IS WEDNESDAY THE 7th
AT 10:00 A.M.
WELL, I'D LOVE TO BE THERE.
I MEAN,
IF THAT'S OKAY WITH YOU.
YEAH.
I'D REALLY LIKE TO SEE
OUR BABY.
[WATER RUNNING]
[CARMEN]: WELL,
I HAVE TO PEE, TOO.
[JENNY]:
I'M GOING TO BE DONE IN A SEC.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I WANT YOU
TO SPREAD YOUR LEGS.
[LIQUID TRICKLES]
[GASPS]
OH, MY GOD.
OH, FUCK.
THESE GIRLS ARE TAKING
FUCKING FOREVER.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I'M DYING.
HEY, GUYS,
COME ON.
LET MARK IN.
HE HAS TO GO.
DO YOU FEEL THAT?
COME ON, GUYS.
HIS BACK TEETH
ARE FLOATING.
BE NICE.
FUCK IT.
OH.
USE THE BUSHES.
FUCK.
* GIRLS IN TIGHT DRESSES
WHO DRAG WITH MUSTACHES *
* CHICKS DRIVING FAST
INGENUES WITH LONG LASHES *
* WOMEN WHO LONG, LOVE, LUST
WOMEN WHO GIVE *
* THIS IS THE WAY
IT'S THE WAY THAT WE LIVE *
* TALKING, LAUGHING
LOVING, BREATHING *
* FIGHTING, FUCKING
CRYING, DRINKING *
* WRITING, WINNING
LOSING, CHEATING *
* KISSING, THINKING, DREAMING
* THIS IS THE WAY...
* THIS IS THE WAY
THAT WE LIVE *
* IT'S THE WAY THAT WE LIVE
* AND LOVE *
HEY, I'M MARK WAYLAND,
AND I LIVE IN A HOUSE
WITH TWO LESBIANS.
MY NAME IS JENNY SCHECTER.
I'M SHANE.
AND THIS WILL BE
A DOCUMENT OF MY JOURNEY.
INITIAL OBSERVATIONS
AND THEORIES.
AND WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
THAT LESBIANS DON'T FUCK?
WHERE DO YOU LIVE, MARK?
IT'S ENTIRELY POSSIBLE.
I'M DANA FAIRBANKS.
I THOUGHT
IT WOULD TOTALLY RUIN MY CAREER,
BUT IT DIDN'T.
PEOPLE THANKED ME.
THESE GIRLS
TALK ABOUT EVERYTHING.
MY NAME IS
CARMEN DE LA PICA MORALES.
I WAS 16 BACK THEN,
AND I FELL MADLY IN LOVE
WITH LUCIA TORRES.
SHE WAS
PABLO FUENTES' GIRLFRIEND.
YOU JUST, YOU DIDN'T FUCK
WITH PABLO'S GIRL...
BUT I DID.
THIS IS ALICE, UH--
PIE--
PIESZECKI.
I DON'T MISS IT.
NO, THERE'S WAYS
AND THINGS.
[MARK]: I DON'T KNOW
IF THAT'S, LIKE,
STRICTLY A LESBIAN THING
OR WHAT,
BUT MAN, THESE GIRLS ARE ALL UP
ON ONE ANOTHER'S BUSINESS.
THIS IS SO MUCH MORE
COMPLICATED THAN THAT.
[MARK]: NOW, I KNOW--
YEAH, YEAH, WHERE'S
THE FUCKING PUSSY?
LOOK, THE HIDDEN CAMERAS
ARE STILL IN PLACE,
SO I CAN GET MORE FOOTAGE,
BUT...
I MEAN,
ALREADY WHAT I'VE SHOWN YOU HERE
IS A BIG STEP UP
FROM BARE-KNUCKLE
BACKYARD BRAWLS
AND WILD WOMEN
OF ENCINO.
THIS COULD BE
REALLY HUGE FOR US.
WHAT'S GREAT
ABOUT THIS PROJECT
IS IT'S NOT
JUST ABOUT SEX.
THESE WOMEN,
THEY HAVE A WAY OF LIFE,
A CULTURE OF THEIR OWN,
AND IT'S REVELATORY.
IT'S ANTHROPOLOGICAL.
IF WE JUST--
IF WE DO THIS RIGHT,
THIS COULD SO EASILY BE
AT SUNDANCE.
I'M PRAYING TO GOD
YOU'RE FUCKING KIDDING.
GOMEY, MAN, GET MY BACK.
YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS TO ME.
YEAH, I DO.
EAT A DICK.
LOOK.
JUST FROM A MARKETING
PERSPECTIVE--
LISTEN TO ME,
WAYLAND.
I'M THE MARKETER, OKAY?
I KNOW OUR AUDIENCE.
MEN, RED BLOODED,
TESTOSTERONE-CRAZED
AMERICAN MEN
DO NOT GIVE A FUCK
ABOUT SOME KIND OF
ANTHROPOLOGICAL BULLSHIT.
WE WANT HOT LESBIAN SEX,
AND WE WANT IT NOW.
YOU'RE IN DIRECT VIOLATION
OF YOUR CONTRACT, OKAY,
AND I EXPECT YOU
TO RETURN EVERY PENNY
OF THE MONEY
I ADVANCED YOU.
YOU HEAR
WHAT I'M SAYING?
SO HAVE YOU
THOUGHT ABOUT IT?
HAVE I THOUGHT
ABOUT WHAT?
[BOTH GIGGLE]
ABOUT WHAT
WE TALKED ABOUT.
THE TOYS.
OH, YOU MEAN THE SEX TOYS.
MM-HMM.
CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING?
YEAH,
ASK AWAY.
IS IT A BISEXUAL THING?
YOU TRYING TO HAVE YOUR CAKE
AND EAT YOUR PUSSY, TOO?
NO, IT'S NOT A BISEXUAL THING.
OKAY, GOOD,
BECAUSE, WAIT,
I DON'T WANT
TO DO THAT WITH YOU.
I MEAN, IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO MAKE ME INTO A MAN
BECAUSE YOU THINK
THAT THERE'S SOMETHING MISSING
THEN I WANT YOU TO GO AHEAD--
DANA,
MANY BONA FIDE LESBIANS
FIND STRAPPING IT ON
THE ULTIMATE WAY OF FUCKING.
AND I THINK
IT WOULD BE REALLY HOT
FOR YOU TO FUCK ME LIKE THAT.
OKAY?
[HELENA]:
HOW DOES IT COMPARE, HMM?
PRIVATE EDUCATION,
TRAVEL,
FASCINATING
LIFE EXPERIENCES...
I JUST DON'T SEE
HOW YOU ENVISION
ANY JUDGE OR JURY
FINDING YOU
THE SUPERIOR CHOICE.
AS YOU WISH.
HEY.
HOW ARE WE THIS MORNING?
I'M GOOD.
I'M EXCITED ABOUT THE ULTRASOUND
THIS AFTERNOON.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, JUST TELL ME A TIME.
I'LL SWING BY THE OFFICE
AND PICK YOU UP.
I'M GOING WITH BETTE, REMEMBER?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
OKAY, SO WHY DON'T YOU
JUST COME BY HERE AFTERWARDS.
YEAH?
WELL, DR. WILSON'S OFFICE
IS SO CLOSE TO MY APARTMENT.
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST COME TO ME?
HELENA...
LOOK, IT'S FINE, YOU KNOW?
I'LL, UM...
I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I'M ON MY WAY OVER.
WE'LL GO OUT
FOR DINNER.
OKAY?
ANNIE WANTS TO SHOOT HER
OLD-HOLLYWOOD STYLE,
AFTER LOUIS B. MAYER,
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
THEN YOU'RE
GOING TO GET HER READY
FOR HER LUNCH MEETING
AT THE GRILL
WITH THE WRITER
OF HER NEXT FEATURE.
DO YOU MIND TELLING ME
WHO THIS IS?
THE WRITER?
NO, THE PERSON
WHO HIRED ME.
I WANT TO KNOW
WHO IT IS.
THE STORY'S ABOUT
THE MOST POWERFUL WOMAN
IN HOLLYWOOD.
[WOMAN]:
YOU ARE BRILLIANT.
I FUCKING LOVE THAT IDEA!
I FUCKING LOVE YOU.
I WANT TO FRENCH-KISS YOU,
AND IF YOU WEREN'T
SUCH A FAGGOT,
I'D FUCK YOU.
WHEN IS BENJAMIN
COMING IN?
TOMORROW AT 6:00.
HE'S GOING TO CHECK IN
AT THE HOTEL,
THEN HEAD OVER HERE.
SO HE'S NOT STAYING WITH YOU?
UM...
BECAUSE HIS WIFE--
IT'S NOT LIKE
SHE'S GOING TO FIND OUT,
BUT HE'S JUST...
WHAT?
I JUST--
I JUST DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET HURT.
I'M NOT GOING TO
GET HURT.
I KNEW GOING IN
WHAT THE DEAL WAS,
AND I'M FINE WITH THAT.
YOU THINK I'M A FUCK-UP,
DON'T YOU?
NO, I DO NOT.
YES, YOU DO.
I DO NOT THINK
YOU'RE A FUCK-UP.
I DON'T.
I THINK YOU'RE AMAZING.
I SEE HOW YOU'VE
TURNED YOUR LIFE AROUND,
AND REALLY,
I'M IN AWE
OF HOW TOGETHER
YOU ARE THESE DAYS.
I JUST KNOW
THE SITUATION,
AND NO MATTER WHAT,
I MEAN, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMEONE
WHO GETS HURT,
AND I JUST DON'T WANT IT
TO BE YOU.
HE'S NOT ON TOUR NOW.
HE'S JUST COMING TO SEE ME.
WELL, HE'S OBVIOUSLY
CRAZY ABOUT YOU.
I'M PREPARING
THIS VERY SPECIAL DINNER
FOR HIM.
LARA HAS ORDERED
LOBSTERS FROM MAINE.
BENJAMIN LOVES HIM
SOME LOBSTER.
[CHUCKLES]
WELL, YOU JUST...
YOU LOOK OUT AFTER YOURSELF,
OKAY?
I LOVE YOU.
OH, WOULD YOU
BRING ME BACK
ONE OF THOSE X-RAY
PICTURES OF THE BABY?
PLEASE?
OKAY.
I LOVE YOU.
THANKS FOR BREAKFAST.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
COVER OF THE NEW YORK TIMES
MAGAZINE.
[LAUGHS]
PRETTY GOOD, HUH, SHANE?
YEAH, IT'S PRETTY GREAT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU REQUESTED ME, THOUGH.
YOU DO HAIR, DON'T YOU?
APPARENTLY
THAT'S YOUR LIFE'S AMBITION.
DON'T FUCK WITH ME, VERONICA.
HOW AM I FUCKING WITH YOU
WHEN I OFFER YOU THE WORLD
ON A SILVER PLATTER?
WHAT'S SO WRONG
WITH SEEING
THE POTENTIAL IN SOMEBODY
AND GIVING THEM
A CHANCE
TO MAKE SOMETHING
OF THEMSELVES?
DID I UNDERESTIMATE YOU,
SHANE,
OR DID I JUST MISTAKE YOU
FOR A PERSON OF SUBSTANCE?
NO.
I THINK YOU MISTOOK ME
FOR ONE OF YOUR LITTLE TRICKS
WHO WOULD LET YOU
SLAP HER AROUND
AND BE GRATEFUL
FOR THE PRIVILEGE
OF TAKING YOUR SHIT.
ARE WE GETTING TO SOME
CORE ISSUES, SHANE?
POOR SHANE.
FUCK YOU.
WHAT ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY
THAT I'M RIGHT
ABOUT YOU?
THAT YOU REALLY ARE BETTER
THAN THIS LIFE YOU'RE LIVING?
VERONICA,
LISTEN TO WHAT
I'M SAYING TO YOU.
I HAVE NO MAGIC,
AND THERE IS NO MOJO,
SO WHATEVER IT IS
THAT YOU THINK
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR,
IT DOESN'T EXIST.
OKAY?
THEN WHY DON'T YOU
DO MY FUCKING HAIR?
NO, THANK YOU.
HELLO.
BURR WILL BE HERE IN A MINUTE.
HAVE A SEAT.
I'D THOUGHT
THAT HE'D FIRED ME.
I WOULDN'T LET HIM.
YOU'RE TOO GOOD FOR ONE ANOTHER.
ANOTHER DRINK.
MORE TWIST, LESS ICE.
CAN I HAVE
A CHARDONNAY, PLEASE?
YOU ARE
A COMPULSIVE EXCAVATOR
OF YOUR OWN EMOTIONAL
NAVEL LINT,
A NIT-PICKING
OBSESSIVE TRUTH-TELLER,
AND BURR COULD STAND
A BIT OF LITERARY PEDICULOSIS.
EW.
HMM.
DOES THAT HIT
A LITTLE TOO CLOSE TO HOME?
ARE WE SELF-LOATHING,
BODY MUTILATORS AS WELL?
OF COURSE.
I CAN'T WAIT
TO READ ABOUT THAT
IN ONE OF YOUR STORIES.
I HOPE
YOU'RE NOT A CUTTER.
LISTEN, JENNY.
YOU ACTUALLY HAVE A GIFT
TO PORTRAY THE DETAILS
OF A LIFE LIVED.
I THINK NON-FICTION
MAY END UP BEING YOUR METIER.
IT'S WHY I WANT YOU
TO WORK WITH BURR.
I DON'T WANT TO.
YOU NEED
TO GET HIM TO TELL YOU STORIES.
I DON'T LIKE HIM.
HE'S A HOMOPHOBE.
[BURR]: HI.
HI. HI, DARLING.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
HELLO.
YOU REMEMBER
JENNY SCHECTER.
I DO.
APPARENTLY
WE'RE DESTINED
FOR ONE ANOTHER.
THANK YOU, SUZIE.
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
[WOMAN]:
WELL, HERE'S A GOOD WAY
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
AN INCH IN DIAMETER
IS TWO FINGERS INSIDE OF YOU.
AN INCH AND A HALF
IS THREE FINGERS
INSIDE OF YOU.
THE SILICONE ONES
ARE EASIEST TO STERILIZE,
AND SO YOU CAN SHARE.
SHARE.
HOW DO YOU STERILIZE THEM?
OH, JUST POP IT IN THE
DISHWASHER,
BUT DON'T FORGET TO TAKE IT OUT
BEFORE THE MAID COMES.
OH, LOOK,
THIS LOOKS FUN.
OH, NOW,
THAT'S VERY POPULAR.
EVERYONE'S A WINNER.
NO?
YEAH, I KIND OF WANT YOU TO--
YEAH.
YOU KNOW? ANYWAY.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE TO START.
THERE ARE SO MANY
SHAPES, SIZES...
WELL, ARE YOU
INTO SEMI-REALISTIC, REALISTIC?
THESE ONES HERE,
CHAMPLETTE,
LEO, AND RANDY,
ARE ALL THE SEMIS,
AND UP HERE, KING KONG
AND TYRANNOSAURUS REX.
THESE ARE VERY LIKE
THE REAL THING,
AND THEY COME IN COLORS.
THERE'S BLACK, PURPLE,
BLUE, TEAL, RED,
HOT PINK, CHOCOLATE,
AND VANILLA.
THERE'S COMBINATION
MARBLE-SWIRL.
THERE'S DISCO GLITTER,
AND KING KONG
AND TYRANNOSAURUS REX
BOTH COME IN CAMOUFLAGE.
IN CASE YOU'RE
SCREWING IN A WAR ZONE.
OH, LOOK!
HAIRY BALLS.
OH, THAT'S JUST WRONG.
IF YOU LOOK
AT THE BASE,
THEY COME WITH A SUCTION CUP,
AND THAT WAY
IT MAKES THEM EASY TO ATTACH
TO THE HOTEL WINDOW.
OH, LOOK.
[SWAGGERING]:
HEY.
NO, THAT'S A BUTT PLUG.
THE BOYS LIKE THOSE,
BECAUSE THEY GET
RIGHT INSIDE
AND TICKLE THE PROSTATE.
ALTHOUGH THE GIRLS
DO LIKE THEM, TOO.
IF YOU USE IT
WITH A HARNESS,
YOU CAN DETACH THE DILDO,
LEAVE THE BUTT PLUG INSIDE
WHILE YOU DO OTHER THINGS.
WHAT, LIKE,
THE DISHES?
BY THE WAY,
WE HAVE
A GREAT NEW LUBE.
IT JUST CAME IN TODAY.
I HIGHLY
RECOMMEND THIS.
OH, YOU KNOW,
I THINK I'M ALLERGIC
TO THAT KIND, SO...
STRAWBERRIES.
WHAT?
WHAT HAVEN'T YOU DONE?
I HAVEN'T DONE
LOTS OF THINGS.
IF YOU NEED ANY HELP,
JUST GIVE ME A SHOUT.
OH, SHIT.
IT'S MELANIE CAPLAN.
[PULLS ZIPPER]
SO?
SO...
WHY DON'T WE GET
A COCK RING?
IS THAT OUR BABY?
THAT'S YOUR BABY,
AND THOSE ARE
HER FINGERS.
VERY WELL FORMED,
YEAH.
ISN'T SHE AMAZING?
OH, IT'S LIKE
SHE'S WAVING AT US.
LOOK.
SHE'S SHOWING YOU
HER PROFILE.
[BURR]: SO I GUESS
I'M BEING DRAGGED,
KICKING AND SCREAMING,
TO A PLACE OF TOLERANCE.
I DON'T REALLY LIKE THE IDEA
OF BEING TOLERATED.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH BEING TOLERATED, JENNY?
IT'S BETTER THAN BEING SPAT ON.
BECAUSE IT IMPLIES
THAT THERE'S
SOMETHING UNACCEPTABLE
ABOUT MY BEING GAY.
FRANKLY,
I THINK IT'S
PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE
FOR A GIRL THESE DAYS.
MEN ACTUALLY FIND IT HOT.
WHAT'S WITH
THE DOUBLE STANDARD, BURR?
OH, DON'T BE A PRICK,
CHARLOTTE.
LOOK AT ANY
MALE ACTOR TODAY.
THERE'S NOT
A SELF-PROCLAIMED QUEER
IN THE BUNCH.
PLEASE, DOES ANYBODY
GIVE A SHIT ANYMORE?
THEY GIVE A SHIT.
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
A STUDIO'S GOING TO PAY A GUY
WHAT THEY PAY ME
IF HIS FANS
THINK HE'S A FAGGOT?
ALL THE MILLIONS
YOU'VE COLLECTED OVER THE YEARS,
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?
I WAS SPEAKING HYPOTHETICALLY,
DARLING.
WE'RE NOT REALLY TALKING
ABOUT ME.
OH, I THOUGHT WE WERE.
DON'T TWIST MY WORDS,
CHARLOTTE.
I KNOW YOU TAKE PLEASURE IN IT,
BUT BE WARNED, SWEETHEART.
DO YOU KNOW
HOW MANY LAWSUITS I'VE WON
AGAINST PEOPLE
WHO'VE TRIED TO ACCUSE ME
OF WHAT YOU JUST ACCUSED ME OF?
ARE YOU THREATENING ME?
I THINK
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO ORGANIZE
YOUR FRIENDS
TO FORM A LITTLE
LEGAL DEFENSE FUND
FOR THEIR
BELOVED PROFESSOR.
FUCK OFF, CHARLOTTE.
HEY.
I WANT TO TELL YOU
THAT I AGREE
WITH WHAT YOU SAID, MAN.
YOU DO, HUH?
I DO.
BECAUSE THE THING IS,
IF SOME MALE ACTOR
WERE TO COME OUT
AND SAY,
"FUCK, YEAH. I'M GAY,"
THAT WOULD BE, LIKE,
A HUGE GIFT TO THE WORLD,
BUT IT WOULD DESTROY
THEIR FUCKING CAREER.
EXACTLY RIGHT.
AND DON'T WORRY
ABOUT CHARLOTTE, YOU KNOW?
SHE'S AN ASSHOLE.
SHE'S NOT GOD, YOU KNOW?
I WOULDN'T BE
SO SURE ABOUT THAT, JENNY.
[LAUGHS]
JENNY, IF YOU STILL FEEL
LIKE WORKING ON THE BOOK,
BE AT MY HOUSE TOMORROW NIGHT
AT 8:30.
THANK YOU.
THAT WAS REALLY NICE.
I REALLY LOVED
BEING THERE WITH YOU.
I LOVED IT
MORE THAN YOU CAN IMAGINE.
COME HERE.
YOU FEEL SO GOOD.
YOU SMELL GOOD.
[***]
TOUCH ME HERE.
FEEL THIS.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY FUCKING GOD.
ARE YOU SURE
IT'S OKAY?
[GASPING]
I DON'T KNOW, BABE.
I THINK IT LOOKS
LITTLE DYKE-ISH.
WELCOME
TO THE CLUB.
[CHUCKLES]
I'M JOKING.
I LIKE IT A LOT.
SO, WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK
THAT BITCH WANTED FROM YOU?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
SHE'S A FUCKING FREAK.
DAMN, YOU KNOW,
I WAS JUST ABOUT
TO ASK YOU TO HOOK IT UP.
YOU WERE GOING TO ASK ME
TO CALL VERONICA BLOOM?
I HAD A MINUTE
OF THINKING
IF SHE SAW MY PROJECT,
SHE MIGHT BE INTO IT.
MARK, WHY DIDN'T YOU
SAY SOMETHING?
NO, IT WAS JUST
A FLEETING THOUGHT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
DO YOU HAVE
ANY OTHER LEADS?
UH, NO.
NO?
MM-MM.
WELL, LOOK, MAYBE I...
MAYBE I'LL GET ANOTHER JOB
WITH A STUDIO HEAD
OR MAYBE I ACTUALLY
WILL HAVE A NEXT JOB.
YEAH,
YOU AND ME BOTH.
[KNOCKING]
YEAH?
HEY.
HI.
JENNY'S AT WORK.
YEAH, SHE'S WAITRESSING.
YEAH.
SO, UH...
OH, UM,
I JUST WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOME STUFF, UM...
YOU'RE CUTTING HAIR.
YES, I AM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HAVE GOT A TON OF WORK
I NEED TO BE DOING RIGHT NOW.
UM, I'LL CLEAN
THIS UP WHEN I--
NO, I HAVE IT.
I HAVE IT.
NO, I GOT IT.
OKAY.
HEY.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
WHAT'S UP?
[HEART BEATING]
[HEARTBEAT RATE INCREASES]
--SHANE. IT'S...
I FEEL LIKE
THERE'S SOMETHING
GOING ON WITH YOU,
AND I WOULD LIKE
TO KNOW WHAT IT IS.
LOOK, I JUST...
[SIGHS]
OH, FUCK, YOU KNOW, IT'S--
IT'S HARD FOR ME
TO HAVE YOU AND JENNY
IN MY FACE ALL THE TIME.
YOU'RE HAVING A HARD TIME
WITH IT?
I'M HAPPY
FOR YOU GUYS.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU TWO
ARE HAVING A BLAST TOGETHER.
THAT'S A VERY GOOD THING.
THEN WHY WOULD IT BE
SO HARD FOR YOU?
NOW, SHANE,
I WANT YOU
TO LOOK AT ME.
I KNOW HOW HARD
YOU WORK
TO KEEP YOURSELF
AT A DISTANCE
FROM EVERYONE ELSE
ON THE PLANET,
BUT IT'S NOT WORKING
FOR YOU ANYMORE.
IT'S WORKING FINE.
NO, IT'S NOT.
IT'S NOT, BECAUSE OF THIS.
OKAY?
DO YOU FEEL THIS?
MOST PEOPLE DON'T HAVE THIS.
THIS IS RARE.
SO WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO WHAT, IF NOTHING
EVER COMES OUT OF THIS?
SO WHAT, IF YOU'LL
NEVER ACT ON IT?
YOU ARE SO CONVINCED
THAT HAVING A RELATIONSHIP
NEAR YOU
IS GOING TO KILL YOU.
BECAUSE IT WILL.
AND THAT'S WHY I'M WITH JENNY.
IT WORKS
BECAUSE SHE AND I
ARE BOTH BIDING
OUR TIME,
WAITING FOR THE REAL DEAL
TO COME ALONG.
YEAH.
YOU DON'T THINK YOU AND JENNY
ARE THE REAL DEAL?
NO.
JENNY WOULDN'T KNOW
WHAT THE REAL DEAL WAS
IF IT BIT HER IN THE ASS.
SHE IS SO LOST
IN HER OWN DARKNESS.
I THINK SHE LIKES IT
IN THERE.
[HEARTBEAT POUNDING]
BUT DO YOU KNOW
WHAT'S FUCKED UP?
IS THAT YOU AND I KNOW
WHAT THE REAL DEAL IS.
WE SAW IT THE FIRST TIME
WE LAID EYES ON EACH OTHER.
BETTE, I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU THAT--
I KNOW.
THIS DOESN'T MEAN
WE'RE BACK TOGETHER.
I KNOW.
LET'S NOT LET IT
MESS EVERYTHING UP.
IT WON'T.
I PROMISE.
WE'RE DOING GREAT.
YEAH, GREAT.
OKAY.
BYE.
YOU'RE NOT LIVING YOUR LIFE,
SHANE...
AND IF YOU DON'T TAKE
ANY RISKS...
THEN YOU MIGHT AS WELL
BE DEAD.
FUCK ME.
HI.
HEY, UM, COME IN.
ARE YOU--
YOU'RE NOT READY TO GO?
DO YOU MIND
IF WE JUST STAYED HERE TONIGHT
AND ORDERED IN?
I JUST-- I DON'T FEEL
LIKE BEING OUT IN PUBLIC.
WELL, WE COULD GO BACK
TO MY PLACE.
IS THERE A PROBLEM
WITH STAYING HERE?
NO. NO, THERE'S...
NO PROBLEM.
GOOD.
YEAH.
[CHUCKLES]
ARE YOU HAVING
SOME KIND
OF HORMONAL SURGE HERE?
FUCK YOU.
THAT IS WHAT YOU SEEM TO WANT.
IT IS, ACTUALLY.
MM-HMM?
YEAH.
I JUST WANT TO FUCK ALL NIGHT,
AND I WANT TO FUCK
AND FUCK AND FUCK
AND FUCK AND FUCK.
OH, OKAY.
NO, NO, YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT SO SURE
THAT I LIKE THIS.
I DON'T THINK
I LIKE THIS.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT
ACTING LIKE YOURSELF,
AND I'M NOT SURE
THAT I LIKE IT.
OH, I SEE.
IS IT MY APARTMENT?
IS IT JUST TOO ORDINARY FOR YOU?
OR, YOU KNOW, MAYBE
IT'S THAT YOU NEED TO BE
IN CONTROL ALL THE TIME.
OR MAYBE YOU NEED
AN AUDIENCE.
THAT'S IT.
THAT'S WHAT WORKS
FOR YOU.
I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE INTERESTED IN SEX
UNLESS THERE'S SOME SORT OF RISK
OR SOMEONE'S WATCHING
OR SOMETHING ELSE IS GOING ON.
HERE WE GO.
HEY, WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE SEX.
YOU WANT TO COME IN
AND WATCH?
TINA, YOUR NEIGHBORS.
MY NEIGHBORS!
THAT IS A--
THAT IS A WONDERFUL IDEA!
YOU ARE SO FUCKING HOT.
HEY, WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE SEX,
ME AND MY GIRLFRIEND.
DO YOU WANT TO COME DOWN HERE
AND WATCH US?
WE'RE JUST
GOING TO FUCK!
HAVE YOU GONE MAD?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THAT I'M FUCKING CRAZY?
WHAT, ARE YOU TURNED ON?
NO, I THINK YOUR HORMONES
ARE RAGING OUT OF CONTROL,
AND I THINK I KNOW BETTER
THAN TO REASON WITH YOU.
FUCKING HORMONES.
WHAT, I'M NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE
ACTUAL FEELINGS NOW?
TINA,
I'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS BEFORE.
WINNIE WAS A MONSTER
AT THIS STAGE
IN HER PREGNANCY.
YEAH, AND LOOK AT YOU
AND WINNIE NOW.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
I'M GOING TO GO NOW.
I'M GOING TO
CALL YOU TOMORROW.
NO.
NO, I NEED YOU NOW.
I NEED YOU TONIGHT.
STAY HERE.
I DON'T THINK SO.
I THINK
YOU NEED TO BE ALONE.
YOU NEED TO BE ALONE,
OKAY?
WHAT AM I DOING?
[BETTE]: I DON'T KNOW
HOW IT HAPPENED.
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN,
WE WERE WORKING SO HARD
AT FORGING
THIS FRIENDSHIP.
DO YOU THINK
I FUCKED IT UP
BY HAVING SEX WITH HER?
DO YOU THINK
YOU FUCKED IT UP?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DID IT MEAN?
I DON'T THINK SHE WANTS
TO GET BACK TOGETHER WITH ME.
DO YOU WANT TO BE BACK
TOGETHER WITH HER?
I DON'T KNOW.
HOW DID IT FEEL,
HAVING SEX WITH HER?
IT WAS FUCKING AMAZING.
IT WAS JUST FUCKING...AMAZING.
IT WAS LIKE ALL OF THE REASONS
THAT WE FELL APART
JUST DISAPPEARED,
AND IT WAS LIKE I HAD--
IT WAS LIKE I HAD MY LIFE BACK
FOR JUST ONE SECOND...
AND IT WAS ALSO REALLY SAD.
SAD. HOW SO?
BECAUSE I'VE LOST HER.
BECAUSE WE DON'T...
WELL, LIKE, SHE DOESN'T
BELONG TO ME ANYMORE.
LIKE, I COULD FEEL SOMEONE ELSE
HAD BEEN TOUCHING HER
AND MAKING LOVE TO HER,
AND I FELT
THAT OTHER PERSON,
AND I FELT HER CONNECTION
TO THAT OTHER PERSON, YOU KNOW?
AND SHE DID THINGS
THAT WE HAD NEVER DONE TOGETHER,
AND IT WAS LIKE SHE WAS SO...
FREE.
YEAH.
I MEAN, I HAD ALWAYS
TREATED HER SO GINGERLY,
YOU KNOW, LIKE SHE WAS
SOME KIND OF FRAGILE THING,
AND NOW,
EVEN THOUGH SHE'S PREGNANT,
IT'S LIKE SHE'S...
IT'S LIKE SHE'S UNBREAKABLE.
[SNIFFLES]
I DON'T--
[SIGHS]
IT WAS SHOCKING, I GUESS.
IT WAS SHOCKING.
IT WAS SHOCKING
THAT SHE WAS SO...
SURE OF HERSELF.
BETTE...
TINA'S BEEN THROUGH
SOME MAJOR ORDEALS
OVER THE PAST YEAR--
YOUR BREAK-UP, A NEW CAREER,
HER PREGNANCY.
THESE THINGS
CAN CHANGE A PERSON,
MAKE THEM STRONGER.
DON'T YOU THINK
IT MIGHT BE A GOOD THING?
OF COURSE IT'S A GOOD THING.
[SIGHS]
IT JUST MEANS...
SHE DOESN'T NEED ME ANYMORE.
HEY, MARK,
I NEED
THOSE BURR CONNOR DVDs BACK.
HELLO?
MARK?
[***]
THIS IS THE PIECE
CHRISTO DID
BETWEEN '80 AND '83
DOWN IN MIAMI.
WE'VE INCLUDED IMAGES
FROM MICHAEL HEIZER,
ROBERT SMITHSON,
WALTER DE MARIA,
DENNIS OPPENHEIM,
AND OF COURSE
ANDY GOLDSWORTHY.
I'VE BEEN TALKING
TO ALLYN
ABOUT COMMISSIONING
A NEW PIECE.
OF COURSE
WE'LL HAVE TO DO
MORE FUNDRAISING.
HOW ABOUT IF I JUST ADD IT
INTO THE BUDGET?
HELENA.
I'M SORRY.
WE'RE JUST IN THE MIDDLE
OF A MEETING.
I'M OFFERING TO UNDERWRITE
ALLYN'S ENTIRE RETROSPECTIVE.
I DON'T WANT MONEY
TO BE A DECIDING FACTOR
ON ANY CREATIVE DECISION.
DO YOU HAVE A BUDGET?
I DO.
WELL, I'D LIKE TO SEE IT,
IF I MAY.
WELL,
I'M NOT REALLY READY
TO PRESENT IT YET,
BUT I WILL SHOW IT
TO THE ENTIRE BOARD.
THAT'S NOT REALLY
HOW I LIKE TO WORK.
WELL, IT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN WORK.
I CAN DEAL WITH LEO
ON THIS
IF YOU'D RATHER.
CAN WE JUST HAVE
A SEPARATE MEETING?
ABSOLUTELY.
GREAT.
OH, I'M JUST GOING TO SIT HERE
AND LISTEN FOR A WHILE.
OKAY.
WHY DON'T YOU
SHOW HELENA YOUR PROPOSAL
FOR DEALING
WITH THE PASSAGE OF TIME?
[CLEARS THROAT]
YOU DON'T THINK YOU AND JENNY
ARE THE REAL DEAL?
NO.
JENNY WOULDN'T KNOW
WHAT THE REAL DEAL WAS
IF IT BIT HER
IN THE ASS.
SHE IS SO LOST
IN HER OWN DARKNESS.
I THINK SHE LIKES IT
IN THERE.
BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT'S FUCKED UP?
IS THAT
YOU AND I KNOW
WHAT THE REAL DEAL IS.
WE SAW IT
THE FIRST TIME
WE LAID EYES
ON EACH OTHER.
HELLO.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING TODAY?
SAME AS YESTERDAY.
YOU'RE COMING OVER
TO MY HOUSE TONIGHT.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO SEE ME?
WHAT IF I HAVE
SOME SORT
OF HORMONAL FIT?
I'M SORRY, THAT WAS...
THAT WAS UNCALLED FOR
ON MY BEHALF.
ACCEPT MY APOLOGY?
LOOK,
IF YOU WANT ME IN YOUR LIFE,
YOU JUST HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
ONE THING, OKAY?
I'M NOT SOME SORT OF TOY
THAT YOU CAN TAKE DOWN
OFF THE SHELF
AND PLAY WITH
WHENEVER IT SUITS YOUR MOOD.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
YES.
YOU'RE NOT A TOY.
AND IF WE HAVE
SOME SORT OF DISAGREEMENT,
THE FACT THAT I'M PREGNANT,
IT'S NOT FAIR GAME.
I DON'T WANT TO BE REDUCED
TO SOME SORT OF RAGING
HORMONAL LUNATIC.
IT'LL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN.
GOOD.
SO...DO I SEE YOU LATER ON?
OKAY.
GOOD.
SEE YOU LATER, DARLING.
BYE.
[GRUNTING]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, I'M ALL RIGHT.
WHAT A HIT.
BE WITH YOU IN A SEC.
WE GOT TO STOP.
OH, THAT'S GOING TO
LEAVE A MARK.
I'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
OKAY, THAT'S GOOD.
HEY. JENNY.
HELLO.
ROY, JENNY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
NICE TO MEET YOU, TOO.
LET ME SHAKE
YOUR HAND.
YOU READY?
GREAT.
COME ON OVER.
HOW ARE YOU?
A LITTLE SORE.
YEAH? THAT'S AWESOME.
COOL.
OKAY, SO...
OKAY.
SO YOU GOT ALL YOUR STUFF?
YOU CAN USE YOUR LITTLE
TAPE RECORDER TODAY.
[THUMPS]
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
NOTHING.
SOMETHING'S THE MATTER.
NOPE.
YOU SURE?
[SNIFFLES]
JENNY.
JENNY, STOP.
NO, NO, NO. COME ON.
NO, NO, NO, PLEASE.
PLEASE, LET ME DO MY JOB.
PLEASE. I'M SORRY.
JUST IGNORE ME.
I HAVE
SUCH BAD HAY FEVER.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE.
PLEASE?
[CRYING]
IT'S OKAY, ALL RIGHT?
[KIT HUMMING]
IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT IN THERE?
IT'S PERFECT.
DON'T WORRY.
LARA IS WORKING
HER MAGIC.
EXCELLENT.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
HELLO.
HI, BABY, WHERE YOU AT?
OH, NO.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THE HOSPITAL.
OH, NO, NO, NO,
I UNDERSTAND.
[SIGHS]
NO, I HOPE HER MAMA'S OKAY.
NO, UM...
OH, NO, NO,
DON'T EVEN WORRY ABOUT IT, OKAY?
IT'S YOUR FAMILY,
AND YOU HAVE TO BE THERE
FOR THEM.
YEAH, IT'S OKAY.
SO JUST CALL ME NEXT WEEK, OKAY?
AND I...
I HOPE EVERYTHING
WORKS OUT OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE, NOW.
[***]
[SIGHS]
WHAT?
I GUESS-- I GUESS...
SO IS DINNER OFF?
JUST PUT IT ON THE MENU
AND SELL IT.
[TINA]: HELLO?
IN THE KITCHEN.
HEY.
THANK YOU.
DID YOU COOK ALL THIS?
MM-HMM.
I GAVE SANDRA
THE NIGHT OFF.
YOU MEAN WE'RE
COMPLETELY ALONE?
MM-HMM.
THAT LOOKS AMAZING.
I WAS ACTUALLY THINKING
OF BECOMING A CHEF AT ONE POINT.
YOU'RE JUST FULL OF SURPRISES.
NOW, LOOK,
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO,
BUT THIS IS TOO GOOD TO MISS.
JUST A SIP.
NOW,
COME WITH ME.
I'M GOING TO
SIT YOU DOWN
AND WAIT ON YOU
HAND AND FOOT.
[UNZIPS BOOT]
I DON'T DESERVE IT.
FORGET ABOUT DESERVE.
DESERVE SUGGESTS
YOU HAVE TO WORK FOR IT.
JUST THINK,
"I'M ENTITLED TO IT."
I LIKE THAT.
IT COULDN'T HAVE
BEEN WORSE TIMING
FOR MY SPONSOR
TO BE OUT OF TOWN.
BUT YOU FOUND
YOUR STRENGTH
AND YOU HUNG ON.
GOOD FOR YOU, RYAN.
THANKS FOR SHARING TONIGHT.
HEY, PRETTY LADY.
LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO SHARE TONIGHT.
HI.
I'M KIT.
HI, KIT.
HEY, KIT.
AND, UM,
I GOT STOOD UP TONIGHT.
I GOT STOOD UP,
AND I...
I LOOKED OVER
AT THAT BOTTLE OF WINE
SITTING ON THE TABLE
THAT I SET FOR HIM,
AND I JUST SAID, "FUCK IT,"
YOU KNOW?
I DON'T WANT
THAT BOTTLE OF WINE,
BUT I'M...
I'M JUST SO DAMN LONELY
THAT I JUST WANTED TO BE
AROUND SOMEBODY
WHO WOULD LISTEN TO ME.
SO I CAME HERE.
WE'RE GLAD YOU CAME, KIT.
[GROUP APPLAUDS]
[***]
SO THIS IS WHERE
YOU SPEND YOUR TIME.
YEAH, THIS IS
THE PLACE.
OH, THERE'S MY GAL.
HEY.
HOW ARE YOU,
BABY?
GOD, I AM SO EXHAUSTED.
I HAD TO DANCE TWO SETS
BACK TO BACK,
AND MY FEET
ARE KILLING ME.
UM, IRIS,
I'D LIKE YOU
TO MEET KIT.
SORRY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
SAME.
SO YOU WANT TO HANG?
I CAN GET A TABLE
OVER HERE.
GREAT.
UM, NO, I REALLY DON'T WANT
TO BE THE THIRD WHEEL.
OH, KIT, COME ON.
NO, NO.
KIT'S HAD A REALLY ROUGH NIGHT.
SHE IN THE PROGRAM?
COME ON.
SO YOU KNOW EACH OTHER
FROM THE PROGRAM?
KI-KIT OWNS THE PLANET.
OH, RIGHT,
THAT LESBIAN PLACE
YOU INVESTED IN.
IT'S NOT ONLY A LESBIAN PLACE,
YOU KNOW?
ALTHOUGH A LOT OF MY CUSTOMERS
ARE LESBIANS, BUT--
YEAH, IVAN'S TRIED
TO TAKE ME THERE
A FEW TIMES.
IT'S JUST NOT MY SCENE.
WELL, MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T
PASS JUDGMENT
UNTIL YOU'VE BEEN THERE.
I JUST DON'T HANG OUT
WITH LESBIANS VERY MUCH.
IT'S TOO MUCH DRAMA.
I REMEMBER THIS ONE TIME
WHEN IVAN AND I
FIRST STARTED SEEING EACH OTHER
ABOUT FIVE YEARS AGO,
AND THERE WAS
THIS ONE TIME...
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
FIVE, FIVE YEARS AGO?
YEAH.
BABY, IT'S BEEN
ABOUT THAT LONG, RIGHT?
YOU MEAN YOU--
YOU'VE BEEN SEEING EACH OTHER
FOR THE LAST FIVE YEARS?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE GOT TO WORK.
SEEMS LIKE YOU TWO
HAVE SOME UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
YOU'VE BEEN DOING MISS THANG
AND TRYING TO ROMANCE ME?
KIT, YOU'RE GOING DOWN
A REAL BAD ROAD HERE.
OH, IT'S A VERY BAD ROAD,
A ROAD OF LIES.
WE NEVER DISCUSSED MONOGAMY,
OKAY?
WE DIDN'T GET
THAT FAR,
BUT IF WE HAD,
I WOULD'VE EXPLAINED TO YOU
THAT IT JUST DOESN'T
WORK FOR ME.
AND I WOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
TO FUCK OFF.
KIT, I'M NOT TRYING
TO WIN AN ARGUMENT HERE,
BUT DIDN'T YOU JUST STAND UP
IN A MEETING
AND ANNOUNCE
THAT YOU'RE SEEING
A MARRIED MAN?
OH, DON'T YOU EVEN GO THERE.
YOU OF ALL PEOPLE
BETTER NOT EVEN TRY
TO PASS JUDGMENT.
YOU ARE DECEIVING SOMEONE,
OKAY?
YOU'RE LYING TO SOMEBODY'S WIFE.
AND THE WAY YOU LIVE YOUR LIFE?
LET ME GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE,
ALL RIGHT?
EXCUSE ME.
I'M SUCH A FUCKING IDIOT.
I SHOULD'VE--
IT WAS SO OBVIOUS
THAT ALL OF THIS
WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
IT HAPPENS, JENNY.
IT DOESN'T MAKE YOU AN IDIOT.
EVERY TIME I THINK
EVERYTHING'S GOING REALLY WELL,
AND EVEN IF I TRY REALLY HARD,
IT ALL FUCKS UP.
AND I THINK THAT...
MAYBE I'M JUST
ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE
THAT DOESN'T DESERVE
TO BE HAPPY.
BULLSHIT.
EVERYONE DESERVES TO BE HAPPY.
I DON'T KNOW.
WE ALL DO.
WE ALL DESERVE
TO BE HAPPY, JENNY.
MOST OF US JUST
DON'T HAVE THE BALLS
TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR IT.
YOU'RE FACING YOUR DEMONS
HEAD ON,
AND THAT IS SOMETHING
I'VE NEVER DONE.
YOU WANT TO LOOK AT SOMEONE
WHO'S FUCKED UP THEIR LIFE?
TAKE A LOOK AT ME.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
OKAY, I'M GOING TO TELL YOU
SOMETHING NOW.
[SNIFFLES]
OKAY.
MY LIFE ENDED 20 YEARS AGO,
WHEN I DESTROYED THE ONE PERSON
WHO MEANT ANYTHING TO ME
IN THE WORLD
BECAUSE I WAS TOO FUCKING SCARED
TO BE HAPPY.
HE HAD A GOOD CAREER, TOO.
HE DIDN'T DESERVE
TO GO DOWN LIKE THAT.
ROD SEBRING, RIGHT?
LOVE OF MY LIFE.
YOU'RE A FAG.
YEP.
CARD-CARRYING MEMBER
OF THE COCKSUCKERS' CLUB.
YEAH.
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM?
I HAD MY PUBLICIST
PLANT AN ITEM IN THE TABLOIDS
AFTER I CAUGHT HIM
FUCKING A P.A.
CAN'T SAY I BLAME HIM
FOR SCREWING THE KID.
I MEAN,
I MADE HIM SO FUCKING MISERABLE.
WHY WOULD YOU
DO THAT
IF YOU LOVED HIM SO MUCH?
I LOVED HIM SO MUCH.
AND NOW I'VE GOT
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
KISSING MY ASS.
EVERYBODY LOVES ME.
I FUCK WHO I WANT TO FUCK.
IT'S SECRET.
ANONYMOUS, YOU KNOW.
I PAY THEM OR THREATEN THEM
TO KEEP QUIET...
AND I'M ALONE.
YOU GOT IT RIGHT,
GIRL.
BELIEVE ME.
I HONESTLY DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE FUCK
I WAS SO AFRAID OF.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
DO YOU KNOW WHY?
YOU'RE SO LOVELY.
I'M AFRAID IT IS TOO LATE,
JENNY.
IT IS, FOR ME.
I'M NOT LIKE YOU.
NOW, YOU DO REALIZE, OF COURSE,
THAT YOU'RE FIRED.
PLEASE DON'T FIRE ME.
NO.
I CAN'T BE FIRED
FROM ANOTHER JOB.
[SNIFFLES]
YOU DON'T WANT TO WORK WITH ME.
YOU'RE TOO DAMN GOOD
TO BE CHURNING OUT
SOME PRESS KIT PABLUM
FOR AN OLD CLOSET QUEEN, HMM?
YOU ARE GOING TO
COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
I FEEL IT RADIATING FROM YOU,
BUT HEAR THIS--
IF YOU'RE EVER TEMPTED,
AND I READ SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS ANYWHERE,
I WILL HAVE YOU KILLED.
YOU THINK I'M KIDDING?
NO.
GOOD, BECAUSE I'M NOT.
THEY JUST FINISHED IT
THIS MORNING.
THIS IS WILSON'S ROOM.
JUN YING HAS ALWAYS
WANTED A CANOPY.
I THINK SHE THINKS
SHE'S MARIE ANTOINETTE.
OH, GOD. LET'S HOPE
LADY GUINEVERE OR SOMETHING.
THEY'RE LUCKY KIDS.
MM.
THERE'S ONE MORE.
ONE MORE?
FOR YOU...
AND FOR HER.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
IT'S...
IT'S DAZZLING.
IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL.
IT IS TRULY AMAZING. I...
BUT, HELENA...
IT'S FOR WHEN
YOU BOTH STAY.
I JUST...
I DID IT
BECAUSE I WANTED TO.
OKAY?
I HOPE YOU LIKE IT...
BOTH OF YOU.
[***]
WELL, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT KIND OF FASHION SHOW?
[DANA]: JUST-- JUST HANG ON.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
DO YOU NEED HELP?
NO, NO, NO, AL.
JUST-- GOD, THIS THING'S
SO COMPLICATED.
[THUD]
OH!
UH...YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
WHAT IS IT?
ONE OF THOSE MIU MIU THINGS
WHERE YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE THE STRAPS GO?
SORT OF.
OKAY, ARE YOU READY?
YEAH, I'M TOTALLY READY.
DON'T LAUGH, OKAY?
FUCK.
WHO'S LAUGHING?
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY:
LINE 21 MEDIA SERVICES LTD.
VANCOUVER, B.C. 2005